Document making images clickable links in the GrapesJS Builder (#775)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/builders/email_landing_page.rst

    ),

Linking an image
****************

> 

Author: Documented the new image-link feature from [PR #16267](https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16267). The `grapesjs-image-link` plugin in `plugins/GrapesJsBuilderBundle/Assets/library/js/plugins/grapesjs-image-link/index.js` adds `href`, `target`, and `rel` traits to the image component and wraps the image in an anchor tag only when `href` is set (otherwise the image renders normally), which is the source of behavior described in this section.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16267

> You can turn any image in a Landing Page or Email into a clickable link straight from the Builder, without editing the code. Select the image in the canvas, open the Settings panel on the right, and use the link fields below the 'Alt' and 'Title' fields.

Reviewer: Bold the UI terms for consistency.

```suggestion
You can turn any image in a Landing Page or Email into a clickable link straight from the Builder, without editing the code. Select the image in the canvas, open the Settings panel on the right, and use the link fields below the **Alt** and **Title** fields.
```

* The ``href`` field sets the URL the image links to. When you set it, Mautic wraps the image in a link. Leave it empty and the image stays a plain image.

> * The ``target`` field controls where the link opens. Choose 'This window' to open the link in the current tab, or select a new window to open it in a new tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``target`` field controls where the link opens. Choose **This window** to open the link in the current tab, or select a new window to open it in a new tab.
```
